Update mesh-qs.md (#5294)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/mesh-qs.md

To leverage dbt Mesh, you need the following:

- You must have a [dbt Cloud Enterprise account](https://www.getdbt.com/get-started/enterprise-contact-pricing) <Lifecycle status="enterprise"/>
- You have access to a cloud data platform, permissions to load the sample data tables, and dbt Cloud permissions to create new projects. 

> - Set your development and deployment [environments](/docs/dbt-cloud-environments) to use dbt [version](/docs/dbt-versions/core) 1.6 or later. You can also opt [Keep on latest version of](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#keep-on-latest-version) to always use the latest version of dbt.

Author: another place to add Staging here too

    - New git repo
    - One or more [environments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) (such as development, deployment)

### Create a production environment

> In dbt Cloud, each project can have one designated deployment environment, which serves as its production environment. You must set up a [production deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment) for each project you want to explore.

Author: ```suggestion
In dbt Cloud, each project can have one designated deployment environment, which serves as its production environment. You must set up a [production deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment) for each project you want to explore. This enables you to leverage dbt Explorer in the [later steps](https://docs.getdbt.com/guides/mesh-qs?step=5#create-and-run-a-dbt-cloud-job) of this guide.
```

> In dbt Cloud, each project can have one designated deployment environment, which serves as its production environment. You must set up a [production deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment) for each project you want to explore. This enables you to leverage dbt Explorer in the [later steps](https://docs.getdbt.com/guides/mesh-qs?step=5#create-and-run-a-dbt-cloud-job) of this guide.

Reviewer: @jtcohen6 since we're adding this new step, should we go ahead and add staging to this as well, since it's a blocker for mesh adoption amongst some clients?

Reviewer 2: @matthewshaver Really good idea! Think we could add that in here quickly? Basically, customers need a Production and/or Staging environment

Author: do you mean add 'Staging' as an important developer workflow to better test data without affecting production? or is it now that in order to leverage explorer, they can have a production or staging environment enabled?

Reviewer 2: @kbrock91 made the very good point that we should keep this quick (quickstart) rather than exhaustive (docs). So at most I'd expect an extra word in here like:
```suggestion
In dbt Cloud, each project can have one deployment environment designated as "Production.". You must set up a ["Production" or "Staging" deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) for each project you want to "mesh" together. This enables you to leverage dbt Explorer in the [later steps](https://docs.getdbt.com/guides/mesh-qs?step=5#create-and-run-a-dbt-cloud-job) of this guide.
```
Just a suggestion, not saying those words exactly

Author: i love it!

To set a production environment:
1. Navigate to **Deploy** -> **Environments**, then click **Create New Environment**.
2. Select **Deployment** as the environment type.
3. Under **Set deployment type**, select the **Production** button.

> 4. Select the dbt version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the dbt version.
```

> 5. Continue filling out the fields as necessary.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Continue filling out the fields as necessary in the **Deployment connection** and **Deployment credentials**.
6. Click **Test Connection** to confirm the deployment connection.
```

> 6. Click **Save** to create a production environment.

Reviewer: We may want to add the "test connection" step between 5 and 6.

    - New git repo

>     - One or more [environments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) (such as development, deployment)

Author: maybe shoudl add Staging here too @matthewshaver

### Create a production environment
In dbt Cloud, each project can have one designated deployment environment, which serves as its production environment. You must set up a [production deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment) for each project you want to explore. This enables you to leverage dbt Explorer in the [later steps](https://docs.getdbt.com/guides/mesh-qs?step=5#create-and-run-a-dbt-cloud-job) of this guide.

To set a production environment:
1. Navigate to **Deploy** -> **Environments**, then click **Create New Environment**.
2. Select **Deployment** as the environment type.
3. Under **Set deployment type**, select the **Production** button.
4. Select the dbt version.

> 5. Continue filling out the fields as necessary in the **Deployment connection** and **Deployment credentials**.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Continue filling out the fields as necessary in the **Deployment connection** and **Deployment credentials** sections.
```

6. Click **Save** to create a production environment.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/prod-settings.jpg" width="70%" title="Set your production environment as the default environment in your Environment Settings"/>

> Setting a production environment will enable you to leverage dbt Explorer in the [later steps](https://docs.getdbt.com/guides/mesh-qs?step=5#create-and-run-a-dbt-cloud-job) of this guide.

Author: ```suggestion
```
